well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
anti feminist means and the patriarchy
we're going to do this because in that
last video I wore that t-shirt with the
Disney Princesses all tatted up and for
some reason that made people mad in the
shares on Facebook people loaded up the
comment section with with anti-feminist
memes and we're gonna talk about them
they boil down to two types you know
you've got to make me a sandwich to do
my laundry clean my house mean and then
you have the feminism makes you ugly
meme okay guys if you are so shallow
that you're going to marry a woman
because she can cook I would hope that
your palate is a little bit more refined
than simply needing a BLT
that's a you're setting the bar pretty
low I mean I would hope that you would
need a little bit more skill in that
department but anyway that that's a
beside the point as far as cooking
cleaning doing your laundry you've
probably already had a woman in your
life that did that for you and that was
your mommy and that may be the key to
understanding this see my four-year-old
can make his own sandwich it may be that
the reason you have a problem with adult
women has nothing to do with feminism
and it has to do with the fact that
you're still a little boy
that would be my guess but let's go on
the feminism makes you ugly me now if
you haven't seen one of these what it
what it is is they find a feminist that
they don't find attractive and then they
cyber stalker they go back through and
they find her senior portrait from high
school which you know she looks all
wholesome the photo was taken when she
was like 17 go ahead and marinate on
that for a second their ideal of
attractiveness is a teenager maybe yours
a little boy and the after photo is of
course one of her in college where she's
probably put on the freshman 15
like most do maybe she dyed her hair a
wild color got a piercing whatever so
what's the point of the meme don't
listen to this woman because of how she
looks the objectification of women guys
that is not that's not an argument
against feminism
that's why feminism exists that's that's
one of the key issues and then there's
always the added thing of you know the
caption says something like don't let
this happen to your daughter
seeing that after photo she's an adult
she is an adult yet she's still property
of some other man because she's not
married yet right
she's so she still belongs to her dad
still need that parental figure maybe
you're a little boy then it goes on
there are other comments about male
feminists and how they're all soft and
they are so oice
where's your Medal of Honor at mr. mean
maker Teddy Roosevelt is pretty much the
pinnacle of American masculinity Medal
of Honor recipient Nobel Peace Prize you
know I did a whole video on him I will
put it in the comment section he's also
a founding feminist why because
masculine men they're not afraid of
independent women because they're not a
little boy now another argument against
it is you know against feminism is that
feminism is no longer needed because the
patriarchy is dead and yeah one
definition of patriarchy is a society in
which a male ruler inherits his title
from his dad that is one definition of
patriarchy you are correct another is a
society in which
we'll get most of the power and women
are typically excluded to a degree named
the last female president no vice
president now there are 23 female US
senators and that I think is a record I
think that's as high as it's ever been
I could be wrong but I'm pretty sure
that's a record
how many would they need for equal
representation in our representative
democracy 50 twice as many House of
Representatives has 87 female
representatives I believe for there to
be equal representation there they would
need to be 217 closing in on three times
as many well doc governor's there six
how many would there need to be 25 four
times as many when you get to mayor's
state legislators state senator stuff
like that the averages hover around 20
to 25 percent certainly seems like men
willed most of the power anyway so
patriarchy does still exist and that's a
loaded term and it's a term a lot of
people don't understand but it is still
there and what happens is there's the
rebuttal oh no no no Bo that's not why
it's happening it's because they're not
qualified they're not qualified and
that's what they say what I hear is that
those disparities exist in the private
sector as well when it comes to job
promotion and stuff like that that's
that's what I hear
oh no no no no they don't get promoted
because they don't work as hard and or
as long and they take more days off and
that's what they say and what I hear is
that women have been conditioned to put
their husband's career first or stay
home with the kids
now but this isn't to say that I agree
with every tactic that radical feminists
use but they never asked me
I believe in diversity of tactics so I
mean whatever they're drawing attention
to a cause it still needs some attention
at the end of the day guys all women
have to be two things and that's it who
and what they want what you think
doesn't matter the fact that you don't
find her attractive doesn't matter the
fact that she intimidates you because
she is more educated or because she
makes more money or because whatever
doesn't matter that's your hang-up not
hers anyway just a thought you all have
a guy of a good day